hey guys it's Jasmine again and i'm here
with ag magical 13 and i'm going to show
you all how to make a clay microphone
okay so first you're going to need a
piece of string and then you're going to
tie the ends with tape and then if it
goes off the string then just cut it and
give it a little bit of a trim so I we
are going to use model magic clay it's
really good and here's some stuff she
made earlier with it and so first step
is to take the string after you tied the
ends with tape and take a black sharpie
or black permanent marker and you're
going to color all of this block
okay some once you've gone that all
black and be sure not to get stains on
the table and use a little thing and I'm
warning you your fingers will be black
so wash them after you're done so then
what you do is you get out your play and
you can pick any clay but for one that's
most realistic with the black one okay
so then after you get some clay you want
it to be in a ball and this has to be
just like a little bit bigger then and
it has to be able to fit in the dolls
hand and try not to make any grab marks
in it see you can see that grab mark
that's not good really so after you get
that bowl then you want to have the
little holder that will geez her hands
are those that will fit inside there so
it can be held then here's the next step
you want to attach the little top to it
see and yeah so after you attach it
really good you can test it in your tall
tales and she should be able to hold it
note be able to hold it without and go
like this really gently without it
dropping okay that's how big the ball
needs to be okay then you want to grab a
toothpick and you want to make little
teeny tiny marks on it like you wanted
to be kind of criss cross me and you
want in fact you can just make little
dots if your don't have the time or
don't feel like it why you gotta make a
ton of teeny tiny little dots all over
the ball of the microphone or shall
speak into because if you look closely
at a real microphone
has these little holes in it that it can
hear you with so then after you made the
holes you want to make an on and off
switch okay so when you're done take the
toothpick and make a hole in the bottom
of the microphone and you want it to
have to be able to fit this inside of it
snug but not too snug so you can pull it
in and out so you can go with a wire and
attach it to a little box that's black
and pretended to speaker or you can go
wireless and just sing let it out then
okay so then you want to grab a mini box
kind of like this this one I like a lot
because it's shiny and then you're going
to take a little piece of paper that is
just a teeny bit smaller than it and you
want it to be as even as possible and
then you're going to take a black
colored pencil and draw speakers so then
after you had stuck it to the top with
tape you're going to stick the little
one of that little ends inside close the
box with it in a little other end of the
cord then you would wait till the
microphone dries but as an example i'm
going to show you and you would stick
this in sorry that's my cat in the
background again and then you see you
could stand this up and have our scene
so there you have it comment rate and
subscribe oh and also when you're lying
the microphone dry make sure that this
little thing the cord isn't drawing
inside of it otherwise it will get stuck
there so you can't remove it